# HEALTHPROFILE
 HEALTHPROFILE 
A health care issue that has been in the news lately is the computerization of health records. This possibility is being approached cautiously because of sensitive privacy and security concerns, among others. Computerizing health records could make it easier for patients to share their health profiles and histories among their various health care professionals. This could improve the quality of health care, help avoid drug conflicts and erroneous drug prescriptions, reduce costs and, in emergencies, could save lives. In this exercise, you’ll design a “HealthProfile” class. The class attributes should include the person’s first name (type string), last name (type string), gender (type string), date of birth (consisting of separate attributes for the month (type string), day (type int) and year of birth (type int)), height (in inches) and weight (in pounds), current year (type int). Your class should have a constructor that receives this data. For each attribute provide a property with set and get accessors. The class also should include methods that calculate and return the user’s age in years, maximum heart rate and target-heart-rate range and body mass index. The formula for calculating your maximum heart rate in beats per minute is 220 minus your age in years, Your target heart rate is a range that is 50–85% of your maximum heart rate, while BMI = (weightInPounds × 703)/( heightInInches x heightInInches). Write an app that prompts for the person’s information, instantiates an object of class HealthProfile for that person and displays the information from that object—including the person’s first name, last name, gender, date of birth, height and weight—then calculates and displays the person’s age in years, BMI, maximum heart rate and target-heart-rate range. It should also display the BMI value

BMI VALUES
Underweight: less than 18.5
Normal: between 18.5 and 24.9
Overweight: between 25 and 29.9
Obese: 30 or greater
